You will need: Bombay Sapphire gin, Martini Rosso, Campari , or bitter liqueur, pink peppercorns, blood orange , or regular orange. The amounts depend on your choice. Method: To flavour your Negroni, simply mix the gin, vermouth, Campari or bitter liqueur and peppercorns together.Leave overnight, or for a couple of days, so the flavours infuse, leaving you with a light, sweet, bitter, spicy dimension to your cocktail.Stir into a glass of ice and add a nice slice of orange to garnish.
You will need: rye whiskey, Martini Rosso, dry vermouth, dashes of orange bitters, orange. The amounts depend on your choice. Method: Stir the whiskey, vermouths and bitters together over ice. Strain well into a chilled Martini glass. Use a speed-peeler to add a strip of orange peel, to garnish.
You will need: Amalfi lemons, 95 percent pure gain alcohol, granulated sugar. The amounts depend on your choice. Method: Peel the lemons, then add to a lidded container along with the alcohol. Leave it to macerate for 1 week in a cool place. When the alcohol is ready, dissolve the sugar with 750ml of room temperature water in a large bottle. Strain the lemony alcohol through a fine sieve and add it to the sugar water. Shake well to combine and serve as a digestif after your meal.
You will need: caster sugar, Bacardi Superior rum, lime, Campari, passion fruit , plus extra to serve.The amounts depend on your choice. Method: Make a simple sugar syrup, by heating 1 part sugar to 2 parts water in a pan over a medium heat. Allow the sugar to dissolve. Place 20ml of the syrup into a cocktail shaker with the rum, 20ml of lime juice, the Campari and the pulp from 1 passion fruit. Shake hard and strain into a martini glass. Garnish with a slice of passion fruit and serve.
You will need: limes, golden caster sugar, cachaça, ripe passion fruit, crushed ice. The amounts depend on your choice. Method: Cut the limes into wedges. Place all but two of the lime wedges and the sugar in a cocktail shaker and muddle for a couple of minutes, or until the sugar has almost dissolved. Add the cachaça, then halve and spoon in most of the passion fruit pulp. Fill the shaker with crushed ice and shake it vigorously for 1 minute. Pour the cocktail into two glasses and top up with more ice, if need be. Garnish with lime wedges and the rest of the passion fruit pulp.
You will need: white peaches, vanilla pods, golden caster sugar, lemon. The amounts depend on your choice. Method: Halve and destone the peaches. Halve the vanilla pods lengthways and scrape out the seeds. In batches, place the peaches in a food processor or blender, skin included, and blitz to a purée. Spoon the peach purée into a pan and stir in the sugar, lemon juice and vanilla seeds. Bring to a simmer over a low heat and let it bubble away for 20 minutes, or until thickened. Using a funnel, carefully pour the warm cordial into sterilised bottles or jars, then seal and store in a cool place until ready to use.
You will need: half of pomegrante, piece of ginger, lime, ice cubes. The amounts depend on your choice. Method: Hold the pomegranate cut side down in your fingers and bash the back of it with a spoon so the seeds tumble into a jug. Finely grate in some peeled ginger, then slice and add the lime. Add loads of ice, then top up with water.
You will need: Bombay Sapphire dry gin, Martini Riserva Speciale Ambrato Vermouth di Torino, small green olives. The amounts depend on your choice. Method: Pour the gin and vermouth into a coupette glass, and stir for 30 seconds. Serve straight up, topped off with the olives speared on a cocktail stick.
You will need: oranges , juice and zest of, smooth orange marmalade, Martini bitter, Martini Prosecco , chilled. The amounts depend on your choice. Method: Deep, bitter and sparkling, this is Christmas in a glass – for the cynical and humorous among us! Part way between a mimosa and a negroni, this is a great drink to kick off some festive fun. Pop the orange zest and juice and marmalade in a small pan over a low heat. Stir together, then simmer for 5 minutes until it forms a smooth syrup. Set aside to cool. In a jug, mix the cooled syrup with the Martini Bitter, and pour a little into the bottom of the champagne saucers. Top with chilled Prosecco and a sliver of orange peel.
You will need: cloudy apple juice, thumb sized ginger pieces , sliced ripe pears , sliced cinnamon sticks , plus extra to serve, cardamom pods, light brown sugar, limes , juice of limes, zest of Bacardi Oro. The amounts depend on your choice. Method: If you’re not a fan of mulled wine or fancy something different, this deeply spiced pear and rum drink will warm you up nicely Pour the apple juice into your biggest pan, then add the ginger, pears, cinnamon, cardamom and sugar. Add the zest and juice of the limes, bring everything to the boil and simmer until all of the sugar has dissolved. Serve warm in glasses or mugs, with a good shot of spiced rum and a cinnamon stick.
You will need: Bacardi Carta Blanco, bluecuraçao, coconut cream, pineapple juice. The amounts depend on your choice. Method: Combine all the ingredients in a cocktail shaker and fill with ice. Shake then strain into a glass with cracked ice to serve.
You will need: frozen blackberries, lemons , chopped into little pieces, rosemary , leaves picked, juniper berries, honey, Bombay Sapphire gin, soda water. The amounts depend on your choice. Method: Divide the blackberries, lemons and rosemary evenly between each tumbler, then add a juniper berry and half tbsp honey. These can be made ahead of time and sit in the fridge until your guests arrive.m When you’re ready to serve, use a muddler or rolling pin to mash the berry mixture until the fruit is crushed. Fill each glass with ice, top with 50ml gin and a dash of soda water, stir well and serve.
You will need: clementine juice , ground cinnamon, cognac,  Martini Bianco. The amounts depend on your choice. Method: Moisten the rim of a cocktail glass with the extra clementine juice. Sprinkle some cinnamon onto a plate, invert the glass, dip the rim in the spice, then set aside. Shake all the remaining ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice and strain into the glass.
You will need: lemon, cachaça, sugar syrup, drops of orange blossom water,  passion fruit, quality lemonade, sprigs of fresh mint. The amounts depend on your choice. Method: Finely peel strips of lemon zest into a glass with ice, then squeeze in all the juice. Pour in the cachaça, sugar syrup, orange blossom water, then add the passion fruit flesh and mix together. Top up with lemonade and garnish with fresh mint.
You will need: blood orange juice , fresh or from a carton (cold), Prosecco , top up blood orange. The amounts depend on your choice. Method: Pour the blood orange juice into a small tumbler. Top up with chilled Prosecco. Peel 1 strip of peel from the orange using a speed-peeler, then twist into a curl. Garnish with the orange peel and serve.
You will need: strawberries, sugar,  lemon juice, Martini Prosecco. The amounts depend on your choice. Method: Blend the strawberries, sugar and lemon juice in a blender to make a syrup. Add a splash of Prosecco to a Champagne flute. Pour the syrup and Prosecco into a shaker, fill with ice and stir gently. Strain into the glass and top up with a little more Prosecco for some fizz.
You will need: Cognac, Benedictine Liqueur, lemon juice, twist of lemon , to garnish. The amounts depend on your choice. Method: Add all ingredients to a cocktail shaker, fill with ice and shake. Strain into a cocktail glass and garnish with a twist of lemon peel.
You will need: sugar cube, Angostura Bitters,  Cognac, Martini Prosecco. The amounts depend on your choice. Method: Add the sugar, bitters and cognac to a Champagne flute. Carefully top up with Martini Prosecco.
You will need: Grey Goose vodka, Oxley Gin, Créme de Violette liqueur (ideally Créme Yvette), Lemon zest , to garnish, maraschino cherry , to garnish. The amounts depend on your choice. Method: Chill a martini glass or similar by placing some ice in it. Put lots of ice and all the ingredients into a cocktail shaker. Shake vigorously for 20 seconds to chill. Tip out the ice from the glass and strain in the mixture. Garnish with grated lemon zest and a cherry.
