So your prom has come and gone, but that doesn’t mean that you can’t relive it with a retro theme party. Crinoline dress entirely optional.
Get inspired by Morocco when planning your next theme party. Think: belly dancers, traditional Moroccan mint tea (cocktails, obviously), Casbah lanterns, and exotic fabrics.
Why not set up materials so your guests can make jewelry, customize T-shirts, or sew patches onto denim jackets? Have plenty of wine on hand, too.
Because everyone loves leg warmers and dancing to Madonna all night long.
Mariachi music and a do-it-yourself Margarita bar? Success!
Recreate the famous club that ran New York City from the 1930s to the 1950s in your own home. Think zebra-print accents, retro cocktails, and big band or jazz music.
Ask your guests to dress up and supply everyone with tiaras.
Have a lobster bake in your own backyard (or even living room) complete with all of the fixings and a raw bar.
Why not invite your friends over for a spa party? Hire a manicurist (which is surprisingly affordable) and prepare a variety of do-it-yourself face masks for guests.
Great Gatsby themed parties are always a hit, and with good reason. Who doesn’t want to rock their best 1920s-inspired attire, while sipping retro cocktails?
Nothing’s chicer than bubbly and mini cupcakes.
Why throw an ordinary dinner party when you can get inspired by the latest culinary trend and throw a farm-to-table dinner? Create a dinner with only locally sourced ingredients and your guests will definitely be impressed.
Mimic Truman Capote’s famous black and white ball which took place in 1966, and have your guests only wear black and white.
Head back to the 1960s with a psychedelic themed party. Set the party to Janis Joplin and Jimi Hendrix.
Because, you’re never too old to throw a kegger complete with beer pong.
Have a retro-inspired pool party taking a cue from society photographer Slim Aarons’ famous photographs of socialites lounging poolside from the 1950s and 1960s.
Have your guests dress up as their favorite “Mad Men” character (are you a Joan or a Peggy?) and serve Don Draper’s favorite drink—the Old Fashioned.
Have a party inspired by The Golden Era of Hollywood and screen sirens and leading men including Greta Garbo, Humphrey Bogart, Lauren Bacall, Clark Gable, Katharine Hepburn, Fred Astaire, and Joan Crawford.
Toga parties are a favorite of fraternities for a reason. Don’t forget to serve beer in cans!
Set up a teepee (surprisingly affordable party decor) and have your guests come as either a cowboy or an Indian. Supply everyone with headdresses and cowboy hats.

